zero lx readme (#212)
commitdev/zero: README.md

zero-deployable-react-frontend:
- Repository URL: github.com/myapp-org/frontend
- Deployment Pipeline URL: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/myapp-org/frontend
- Production Landing Page: app.commitzero.com

zero-deployable-backend:
- Repository URL: github.com/myapp-org/backend-service
- Deployment Pipeline URL: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/myapp-org/backend-service
- Production API: api.commitzero.com
```

***Your stack is now up and running, follow the links your terminal to visit your application 🎉*** 

## Zeros Default Stack

![systerm-architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack/master/templates/docs/architecture-overview.svg)

If you would like to learn more about the zero-aws-eks stack, you can read more about it [here](https://github.com/commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack)
___

## Contributing to Zero 

Zero welcomes collaboration from the community; you can open new issues in our GitHub repo, Submit PRs' for bug fixes or browse through the tickets currently open to see what you can contribute too.

### Building this tool

```shell
$ git clone git@github.com:commitdev/zero.git

> $ cd zero && make

Reviewer: just realized `make` doesnt actually build it

```suggestion
$ cd zero && make build
```

Author: Lol I've been running `make build` don't know why I didn't catch that 😅

```

### Running the tool locally

To install the CLI into your GOPATH and test it, run:

```shell
$ make install-go
$ zero --help
```
___
## FAQ

Why is my deployed application not yet accesible?

- It takes about 20 - 35 mins for your deployed application to be globally available through AWS CloudFront CDN.

___

> ## Learn More about Zero

Reviewer: This is only internal to us for now, maybe call it Resources (since many of these links public won't have access to)

> Zeros' documents are stored in the [Commit Zero Google Drive][drive]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero's documents are stored in the [Commit Zero Google Drive][drive]
```

![zero](https://github.com/commitdev/zero/blob/master/docs/img/logo-small.png?raw=true)

## What is Zero

Zero is an open-source developer platform CLI tool which makes it quick and easy for technical founders & developers to build quality and reliable infrastructure to launch, grow and scale high-quality SaaS applications faster and more cost-effectively.

## Why is zero good for startups

As a technical founder or the first technical hire at a startup, your sole focus is to build the logic for your application, and get it into customers’ hands as quickly and reliably as possible. Yet you immediately face multiple hurdles before even writing the first line of code. You’re forced to make many tech trade offs, leading to decision fatigue. You waste countless hours building boilerplate SaaS features not adding direct value to your customers. You spend precious time picking up unfamiliar tech, make wrong choices that result in costly refactoring or rebuilding in the future, and are unaware of tools and best practices that would speed up your product iteration.

> ## Why is zero Reliable, Scalable, Performant and Secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why is Zero Reliable, Scalable, Performant and Secure
```

> Zero leverages Amazons’ Elastic Kubernetes Service. EKS is amazon managed Kubernetes service where you can build and deploy your applications/containers. Zero & EKS is deeply integrated with other AWS services such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero's default EKS stack leverages Amazons’ Elastic Kubernetes Service. EKS is Amazon's managed Kubernetes service where you can build and deploy your applications/containers. Zero-AWS-EKS-stack uses a suite of technologies such as:
- [Amazon Virtual Private Cloud][vpc].
- [AWS Identity and Access Management][iam]
- [Amazon Cloud Watch][acw].
- [Auto Scaling Groups][asg].
```

This doesn't really talk about Reliable, Scalable, Performant and Secure

Maybe talk about 

- Reliability: Our infrastructure is built on multiple availability zones making our system highly available and fault tolerant
- Scability: Our EKS infrastructure is built on top of EC2 instances, and set up with AWS's [Auto Scaling Groups][asg] is ready to scale whenever the need arises. 
- Performant: Using Kubernetes leveraging containers for your services reduces overhead on virtual machines
- Security: Properly configured access-control to resources/security groups, using secure vault systems(AWS's secret manager), and following best practices provides great security out of the box.

Author: 👍🏽

- [Amazon Virtual Private Cloud][vpc].
- [AWS Identity and Access Management][iam]
- [Amazon Cloud Watch][acw].
- [Auto Scaling Groups][asg].
- [And more].

___

## Getting Started

### How to Install and Configure Zero

> There are multiple ways to install zero:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to install Zero:
```

- Install Zero using your systems package manager.

```
# MacOS
brew tap commitdev/zero
brew install zero
```

- Install Zero by downloading the binary.

> Download the latest [zero binary] for your systems archetecture. unzip your download add copy the zero binary to the desired location then add it to your system path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest [Zero binary][zero binary] for your systems architecture. Unzip your downloaded package and copy the Zero binary to the desired location then add it to your system path.
```

Zero curretnly supports:
| System | Support|  Package Manager |
|---------|:-----:|:------:|
| MacOS   |  ✅   | `brew` |
| Linux   |  ✅   |   n/a  |
| Windows |  ❌   |   n/a  |

### Configure zero dependencies

> Zero requires some dependencies to function, run the `zero check` command on your system to find out which other tools/dependencies you might need to install.

Reviewer: >Zero requires some dependencies to function 

this read a little weird, maybe something like follow?

```suggestion
In order to use Zero, run the `zero check` command on your system to find out which other tools/dependencies you might need to install.
```

![zero-check](./docs/img/zero-check.png)

[AWS CLI], [Kubectl], [Terraform], [jq], [Git], [Wget]

> A few caviets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few caveats:
```

> - For Zero to communicate with your AWS account make sure you [authenticate AWS CLI with your account credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-methods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Zero to provision resources, you will need to be authenticated with AWS[(authenticate with aws-cli)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-methods).
```

>   - You can also configure your aws cli during the zero project initilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can also configure your aws-cli during the zero project initialization.
```

> - You need to [register a new domain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/domain-register.html) / [host a registered domain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/MigratingDNS.html) you will use to access your infrastructure on [Amazon Route 53](https://aws.amazon.com/route53/).

Reviewer: maybe moved this further up as part of prerequisites

  - We recommended you have two domains one for staging another for production.

___

## Using zero to spin up your own stack

Using Zero to spin up your infrastructure is easy and straightforward; using a few commands, you can configure and deploy your very own scalable high-performant infrastructure that is production-ready.

A few caveats before getting started:

- It is recomended practice to [create a GitHub org](https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/creating-a-new-organization-from-scratch) where your code is going to live and grant [CircleCi Organization access](https://github.com/settings/connections/applications/78a2ba87f071c28e65bb) to your repositories for CI / CD deployment.

- During set-up, you need to create a GitHub personal access token and a CircleCi access token; you should store your generated tokens securely.

- For your CI build to work, you need to opt into the use of third-party orbs you can find this in your CircleCi Org Setting > Security > Allow Uncertified Orbs.

> - It takes about 20 - 35 mins for your deployed frontend application to be globally available through AWS CloudFront CDN.

Reviewer: cloudfront part shouldnt be "A few caveats before getting started:"
maybe do a troubleshoot or FAQ thing at the end?

```shell
# To create and customize a new project you run
$ zero init

## Sample project initilization
✔ Project Name: zero-test
🎉  Initializing project
✔ EKS + Go + React
✔ Should the created projects be checked into github automatically? (y/n): y
✔ What's the root of the github org to create repositories in?: github.com/zero-test-org
✔ Existing AWS Profiles 
✔ default

Github personal access token: used for creating repositories for your project
Requires the following permissions: [repo::public_repo, admin::orgread:org]
The token can be created at https://github.com/settings/tokens
✔ Github Personal Access Token with access to the above organization: <MY_GITHUB_ORG_ACCESS_TOKEN>

CircleCI api token: used for setting up CI/CD for your project
The token can be created at https://app.circleci.com/settings/user/tokens
✔ Circleci api key for CI/CD: <MY_CIRCLE_CI_ACCESS_TOKEN>
✔ us-west-2
✔ Production Root Host Name (e.g. mydomain.com) - this must be the root of the chosen domain, not a subdomain.: commitzero.com
✔ Production Frontend Host Name (e.g. app.): app-zero-test-prod.

> ✔ Production Backend Host Name (e.g. api.): api-zero-test-prod.

Reviewer: i think its more clear for the readme to leave the frontend and backend as just `api.` and `app.`

✔ Staging Root Host Name (e.g. mydomain-staging.com) - this must be the root of the chosen domain, not a subdomain.: commitzero-stage.com
✔ Staging Frontend Host Name (e.g. app.): app-zero-test-stage.
✔ Staging Backend Host Name (e.g. api.): api-zero-test-stage.
✔ What do you want to call the zero-aws-eks-stack project?: infrastructure
✔ What do you want to call the zero-deployable-backend project?: backend-service
✔ What do you want to call the zero-deployable-react-frontend project?: frontend

```

### zero create

The `zero create` command renders the infrastructure modules you've configured into your project folder and pushed your code to GitHub.

```shell
# Template the selected modules and configuration specified in zero-project.yml and push to repository.

> $ cd zero-init   # change your working dir to YOUR_PROJECT_NAME

Reviewer: maybe change the readme project name to something more familiar like [helloworld/myapp/my-k8s-stack]
and have the project name consistent through the commands so its not `zero-project` during `init` and `zero-test` here

✅  Done - run zero apply to create any required infrastructure or execute any other remote commands to prepare your environments.

```

### zero apply

The `zero apply` command takes the templated modules generated based on your input and spins up a scalable & performant infrastructure for you!

```shell
$ zero apply

# Sample Output
Choose the environments to apply. This will create infrastructure, CI pipelines, etc.
At this point, real things will be generated that may cost money!
Only a single environment may be suitable for an initial test, but for a real system we suggest setting up both staging and production environments.
✔ Production
🎉  Bootstrapping project zero-init. Please use the zero-project.yml file to modify the project as needed.
Cloud provider: AWS
Runtime platform: Kubernetes
Infrastructure executor: Terraform

...
...

✅  Done.
Your projects and infrastructure have been successfully created.  Here are some useful links and commands to get you started:
zero-aws-eks-stack:
- Repository URL: github.com/dtoki-test-org/infrastructure-inf
- To see your kubernetes clusters, run: 'kubectl config get-contexts'
- To switch to a cluster, use the following commands:

> - for production use: kubectl config use-context arn:aws:eks:us-west-2:514226198018:cluster/dtoki-inf-production-us-west-2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for production use: kubectl config use-context arn:aws:eks:us-west-2:123456789:cluster/dtoki-inf-production-us-west-2
```

- To inspect the selected cluster, run 'kubectl get node,service,deployment,pods'
zero-deployable-react-frontend:
- Repository URL: github.com/dtoki-test-org/frontend-inf
- Deployment Pipeline URL: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/dtoki-test-org/frontend-inf
- Production Landing Page: app-dtoki-inf-prod.commitzero.com

zero-deployable-backend:
- Repository URL: github.com/dtoki-test-org/backend-service-inf
- Deployment Pipeline URL: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/dtoki-test-org/backend-service-inf
- Production API: api-dtoki-inf-prod.commitzero.com
```

***Your stack is now up and running, follow the links your terminal to visit your application 🎉*** 

## Zeros Default Stack

![systerm-architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack/master/templates/docs/architecture-overview.svg)

> If you would like to learn more about the zero-aws-eks stack, you can read more about it [here](https://github.com/commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack/blob/master/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to learn more about the zero-aws-eks stack, you can read more about it [here](https://github.com/commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack)
```

___

## Contributing to Zero 

> Although zero is still in early development, we welcome collaboration; you can join the [#product-zero] slack channel and follow our [project board]. If you'd like to work a specific ticket / issue, reach out to the team on our slack channel.

Reviewer: They should create issues in our github repo, don't think we will open our slack to community, in the future we could setup gitter/discord for support type of things. 

we'll need to define some process to accept the issue (or reject saying why we don't think it fits the project)
then categorize them as `feature-request` / `bug` / `enhancements` / `documentations` ...etc

and for minor features / bugs we would either just accept pull-requests.

Author: right! I wrote this in the context of the internal alpha release but you're right. a better flow would be to have people create issues on the github repo and we'd have a flow to go over opened issues and tag them etc.. 👍🏽
